GH-33976: [Python] Initial bindings for acero Declaration and ExecNodeOptions classes (#34102)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/streaming_execution.rst

----------

``filter`` operation, as the name suggests, provides an option to define data filtering 

> criteria. It selects rows where the given expression evaluates to true. Filters can bewritten using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
criteria. It selects rows where the given expression evaluates to true. Filters can be written using
```
